[camera shutter]
[applause]
[﻿camera﻿ shutter]
[camerashutter]
[Sam] Anything good?
Your photos.
You've﻿ ﻿been at it for
like﻿﻿ ﻿﻿﻿the﻿﻿ ﻿past﻿ 45 minutes.
They're good, I just--
Wait, ha-have you beenwatching me
this whole time?
What? No.
I mean. Yeah but, it's my job to. *gestures to "Security" label on jacket*
Sort of.
I'm just waiting for my shiftto end
and I noticed you.
Sorry. That was a little creepy, huh?
It's fine, I get it.
Hey, I know it's kindof VIP up here
butif you ask me,
the best view is on the ground level.
Yeah, you're probably right.
Uh, I'm just trying to get this one shot in.
Can I see?
Sure. If you want.
Wow, these are really good.
I'm not sure what else you're looking for.
Yeah I'm not totally sure either but,
I think I'll know when I see it.
Thanks for sharing.
I'm Sam, by the way.
Sorry about earlier.
Uh, Carmen and, don't worry about it.
[radio] First shift switch off.
Well I'm off. Hey, good luck
with everything.
Thanks.
Hey Carmen!
You hungry?
[Sam]Yeah this place fills up fast.
[Carmen]What's good to eat around here?
Do you get the hook up because
you work here or something?
[Sam]I wish. I've only worked here
for a few months.
How long have you been shooting?
[Carmen] Uh... a little over a year.
It's just a hobby.
You should keep it up.
Yeah, maybe.
We'll see...[sighs]
in a few months.
What happens in a few months?
Graduation.
And then... [sighs]
Life.
Ah, gotcha.
What's your major?
Communications.
Cool
What do you want to do with that?
I don't know. It...
can be applied to a lot of things, really.
I switched from Bio, which...
my parents weren't too happy aboutbut um,
now that I'm almost done,
not sure if that was right choice.
Oh you won't know until you try.
It's like food.
How do I know
if want the Bulgogi truffle fries
or﻿ the﻿﻿ ﻿﻿um...﻿﻿
ahi tuna sushirrito.
I mean they both sound delicious but,
How can I decide unless
I can taste them both?
I'd go with the fries. No question.
Everyone knows the sushirrito
is this bigger unfinished sushi roll
that's more rice than anything.
Perfect. You get the fries.
Alright, I warned you!
I won't know 'til I try!
Just admit it, you were wrong.
No, I never said it wouldn't taste good.
I just said it wouldn't be the best
bang for your buck.
Well, I have no regrets.
Sushirrito, truffle fries... both good.
But why can't more things in life be as simple
as ordering from a food truck menu?
Wait, sorry. The fries were "Comm"
and the sushirrito was "Bio," right?
Or was it the other way around?
It doesn't matter.
Poor analogy to begin with.
Hey, I'm... sorry for...
unloading all that stuff on you earlier
when we just met.
It's kind of a downer...
especially at something like this.
Don't worry about it.
The world is full of downers.
You think any of these people
know exactly what they are doing?
I don't know.
He seems to have it pretty figured out.
Can I see?
[camera shutter]
Okay, who else?
Those two.
They seem to be loving life right now.
[camera shutter]
And her.
Check it out.
Jonathan Keane
He just graduated law school because
he promised his parents he would.
But what he really wants to do
is open a café in the Arts District.
It's going to be tough.
These two, been together for five years.
He wants her to move in but,
she hasn't told him about the amazing
promotion she was offered overseas yet.
And this one,
she...
just graduated.
Not really ready to take on the world yet.
She knows what she has to do but,
at the same time she's scared she'd get
lost in the crowd if there's nothing else.
She's got her whole life
to take on the world.
And now,
she just has to take care of herself.
You don't know any
of those people, do you?
No idea.
I don't know anything except that,
everyone is in a different place
and figuring out what's best for them.
So where are you?
I'm getting there.
For now I just like...
this.
The people.
The music.
The spirit.
It makes me happy.
So,
I'll do what I can to stay.
If that means being a...
mid-level event security guard,
I'll take it.
You are a protector.
A guardian of...
rare moments like these.
When people can escape the troubles
in their hearts and minds.
I like that.
You think that could fit on like
a business card or something? [laughs]
You know... I feel like,
we're all given a scene.
A combination
of people, places, and things that...
we don't have any control over it.
But it's up to us to frame it in a way...
to get the best shot.
["Fighter" playing]
♪ Fighter ♪
Question is...
What's the best shot?
♪ Whatever you gotta go through ♪
♪ Fighter ♪
♪ Baby it's up to you ♪
We'll know when we see it.
♪ I'm down with it ♪
Want to keep looking?
♪ Ohhhhhh ♪
♪ It's up to you ♪
♪ Whatever you goin' through ♪
♪ I'm down with it ♪
♪ Fighter ♪
♪ Knock me down but I’ll keep fighting ♪
♪ For you, ♪
♪ Til’ the end we’ll keep on trying ♪
♪ Like a fighter ♪
♪ Knock us down but we’re survivors ♪
♪ For love,  ♪
♪ Til’ the end we’ll keep on fighting ♪